[Autogenerated] letters first introduce How Eclipse and May Virna work together?
A clips supposed Havana using a beginner.
Now the good news.
Easa,
If you have downloaded eclipse for Java E developers are you
already have this plug in installed Eclipse also comes up with
an embedded version off May Virna.
So if you have downloaded these version of eclipse,
you also have downloaded a version of me.
Even this is very useful.
If you want to fiddle around to play with Eclipse and may
even and see how things at work now in a really
development production environment, this is not how you want to work.
You want your own version of may even properly configured for
your professional development environment.
Eclipse exposes most off maven functionalities
through the graphical user interface, and we're going to see that now.
This module does not cover maven itself.
So if you're not familiar with maven fundamentals,
you can consider watching the caused by Brian and Son Maven fundamentals available here on proper site